# SHS Announcements 03/06/2017 {#shs-announcements-03-06-2017}

_Via the_ [_Shepherd High School Facebook Page_](https://www.facebook.com/shepherdmihs/posts/593922580802831)

_Announcements for Monday March 6th, 2017:_

*   Welcome to Trimester 3!
*   Attention all football players: The weight room will be open M,T,TR, F every week for the rest of the school year. Starting tomorrow (Tuesday March 7th) we will be doing combine testing for baselines. Please show up after school to test pro-agility, 40 yard dash, vertical jump, and core lifts. Be accountable! THE GRIND STARTS NOW!
*   Attention spring sports athletes. Your first day of practice is Monday, March 13th and you must have a signed/completed athletic physical card on file with the athletic department before you will be allowed to participate in a practice or a competition. Blank physical cards are available in the high school office or the counseling office. The boys and girls track teams will practice after school each day. The track teams will meet in the atrium after school on Monday, March 13th. JV and varsity softball will practice after school in the high school gyms until 5:30 each day. JV and varsity baseball will practice 5:30-8:00 in the high school gyms each day. The boys golf team and track throwers will practice in the middle school gym after school each day. The girls soccer team will practice 5:00-7:00 in the middle school gym each day.
*   Congratulations to Jonah Montney for his 2nd place finish at the bowling single state championship this past weekend.
*   Boys and Girls Track &amp; Field practice starts on Monday, March 13th. Please make sure you have a physical on file with the school before practice starts. Sign Up on the clipboards outside of Mr. Cahoon’s room, if you are interested in joining the team.
*   Mt. Pleasant Career Tech/Votech: You do not have classes on Thursday March 9th and Friday, March 10th. Please make arrangements for transportation to and from school on these days.
*   Alma Career Tech/Votech: You do not have class on Friday, March 10th. Please make arrangements for transportation to and from school on this day.
*   JV &amp; Varsity softball players-ALL Little Caesars pizza kit orders are due to Coach Bobb on Tuesday, March 7th at noon. The room to turn them in will be announced.
*   The Shepherd Student Improvement team is looking for acts for their Oscars on May 13th. Auditions will be held on March 14th after school. There is a time limit of 3-4 minutes. The sign up sheet is outside Mrs. Marsh’s room. If you are interested in showing off your talent please sign up!
*   High School students: Want more lunch time? You can earn it by participating in this challenge. It’s the High School versus the Middle School Can Drive Challenge. A canned food drive is planned for March 6-10th, and will benefit the Salvation Army in Mt. Pleasant, whose pantry is about empty. Here are your incentives: If we collect 350 cans of food, you will get an extended 10 minutes added to a lunch hour. 550 cans, will get you 15 minutes added to a lunch hour. 750 cans collected will mean that you will receive a movie afternoon that includes popcorn. If the high school collects 1500 cans, a mystery surprise will occur. Examples of food we can collect are peanut butter, jelly, crackers, canned tuna and canned chicken, beans, pasta items, including boxed pasta dishes, ramon noodles, vegetables, and fruits, just to name a few. Remember, this food drive starts Monday, March 6 and ends Friday, March 10th. Items can be dropped off at the high school office before 3;00 pm each day. Go High School
*   Please join us for the Shepherd Elementary PTO carnival on Saturday, March 18th, 2017! Volunteers will be greatly appreciated. We need over 100 volunteers that will be split into two shifts. The first shift will be 11:30-1:30 pm and the second is from 1:15-3:15 pm. Volunteers will receive a voucher for a free lunch combo, a professional certificate, and will be entered into a drawing to receive a $25 Meijer gift card. Sign up waivers can be found in the high school office. Be sure to come and get a sign up sheet and turn it in by Friday, March 10th!